m
these beats and all four so today we will study
qualities that differentiates the good from the very good players of the coast
so we will start immediately with his number one qualities before the snitch
like lightning
so I called this quality like that
because for me an issue united nations is not studying any small
moving thing
we can easily miss 5 and by party so there in paris match
I see that they believe to see someone who moves so the rpg
we try a shot
since we have unlimited ammunition
apparently it hits the mark
taking what happened I suggest you look at this
his granddaughter
at the sight in the third person so for those who have a match in Paris I
just finished my so he others wm 2000
so here I knew that my country they took third colors
who will equip
so there neither one nor two I draw
we advise the first four
that it hit the mark
so what
you really have to watch everything
succeed all these teams so activity number 2 be kind
we can at least angela
if we just
to do the
the classic pattern of rpg 7
I run all over Europe
what you buy killed
to leave parties correct but we will not be able to make victims
great score
so there for example in this myth we will try everything by seeing cesc is luanda
or we jump
so incidentally the JC that will go up the throne very very well
so quality number 3 be opportunistic
so what I mean by that
in my opinion does not fall the rating
we must try to benefit from all the situations in which we
is for example a match apart it is appropriate to start the game it is
believe marca shops that do not move there
so neither one nor two I rush and I wanted to leave
loudspeakers
donating balon by turning your head is always a pleasure
so to continue in still here
to lead this time to 17 francs
in motion in the wmp
so the shop
I think we pay at the beginning
so now I see just not idea there so there
a little shot in the head is also a pleasure
so much quality number 4 she believes very responsive angela
you have to know how to analyze everything that happens
and right now that's life
the inconvenients
so there for example I have a neighborhood on the left
so not for right now I turn around we do not aim it's useless
because if his visit I think the act anyway never
been killed
so here's the number 5 quality
to have a minimum of France so the world we are together with family
e in the cabin a small third we see in my opinion one was already
weakened
and then we are at the end of the game so here I say good I'll try it all
for the whole
we will shoot in the door knowing that these frequented places we never know
that could work
so here we are actually seeing that luck was with me
so that's it if you follow all the commandments you should definitely
get to be too much of black ops
for me, I'll see you soon for new videos